Kadane’s Algorithm — Intuition
Imagine you are walking along an array of numbers, and you want to find the contiguous segment where the sum of numbers is the largest possible.
At each step (each number), we have two choices:
Start a new subarray beginning at the current number (if the previous sum was negative or smaller).
Extend the existing subarray by adding the current number.

 reason Why?.........................................?
Because if the running sum before this number is negative, adding it would only decrease your total, so it’s better to start fresh at the current number.
While doing this, you keep track of the maximum sum encountered so far.

Key points:
We only need to traverse the array once (O(n) time).

We keep two variables:
currentSum (best sum ending at current position)
maxSum (best sum found overall)
Update currentSum by deciding whether to include the current element or start anew.
Update maxSum if currentSum beats it.


So true,  Time Complexity
Kadane’s algorithm runs in O(n) time because we go through the array once.

Math.max(a, b) is a constant-time operation → O(1).

So adding it inside the loop does not change time complexity — still O(n).
                                  O(n) x O (1) = = > O(n)                              : this is the game here ...

Space Complexity
We only store a few variables:
maxsum, finalsum, and the loop index.

Math.max() does not store extra arrays or structures — it just compares two numbers and returns one.

So space complexity stays O(1) (constant extra space). 
    inbuilt library   or i can say inside the class, we use the function so they work in the time complexity O(1) and in the space complexity of the same 
                          Why Math.max() doesn’t count as extra space
                            It doesn’t allocate memory on the heap.
                                      if (a > b)
                                       return a; 
                                    else  
                                       return b;

